# Winter-Wonderland
This is an interactive program created using Processing, that depicts a winter wonderland. 

The Winter Wonderland program shows a scenery filled with snowy slopes with a pine tree. There is snow falling slowly throughout the whole scenery. There is also an image of a snowman with a color changing background when the user continuously drags the mouse in the window. This simulation is supposed to give a glimpse of what a winter get away would look like.

The animation element in this program is the snow that falls through out the whole window. There is array of ellipses created with a size of 70, creating 70 ellipses (circles) that are sized differently. Because the circles shift in their x and y positions, it is crucial to add in a background color to the draw function in order to hide the previous circle positions.

The interaction element is the snowman that appears with a color changing background when the user continuously drags their mouse. “Frosty the Snowman says Hi!” Is printed on the screen every time the user drags their mouse. The user also has the option to type, s, n, o, w, p, b on their keyboard. They can spell out what they see, which is snow, that allows S, N, O, W! Let it snow! To be printed. If the user types p, the screen turns colorful and “Party Time!” is printed. If the user types b, the screen turns black and “Black Out!” is printed.

Determining what points the shapes were located at was the hardest and took the most time out of making this program. Designing the program before hand, and drawing everything out helped a lot when it came to placing the images in the program. Taking the time to do the calculations for the points helped make all the shapes “blend” together to form the images like the pine tree, snowy slopes, and the snowman. Another hard aspect was nailing down the algorithm to get the snow to fall down with different sizes all at once. It took a lot trial and error, because its not something you can necessarily sketch out, but I was able to get it done!
